# Chapter 4: Functions for the journeyman: understanding function invocation

**1. The following function calculates the sum of tge passed-in arguments
 by using the `arguments` object:**

```
function sum() {
    var sum = 0;
    for (var i = 0; i < arguments.length; i++) {
        sum += arguments[i];
    }

    return sum;
}

assert(sum(1, 2, 3) === 6, 'Sum of first three numbers is 6');
assert(sum(1, 2, 3, 4) === 10, 'Sum of first three numbers is 10');
```

**By using the rest parameters introduced in the previous chapter, rewrite
the sum function so that it doesn't use the `arguments` object.**

```
function sum(...numbers) {
    return numbers.reduce((a, b) => a + b);
}

assert(sum(1, 2, 3) === 6, 'Sum of first three numbers is 6');
assert(sum(1, 2, 3, 4) === 10, 'Sum of first three numbers is 10');
```

**2. After running the following code, what are the values of variables
`ninja` and `samurai`?**

```
function getSamurai(samurai) {
    "use strict"

    arguments[0] = "Ishida";

    return samurai;
}

function getNinja(ninja) {
    arguments[0] = "Fuma";
    return ninja;
}

var samurai = getSamurai("Toyotomi");
var ninja = getNinja("Yoshi");
```

`samurai` === `"Toyotomi"`; because we are using strict mode, and the
reasignation of arguments will not affect the parameter, it's not aliasing it.

`ninja` === `"Fuma"`; In this case we are in nonstrict mode and the
`arguments[0]` is an alias of the first parameter, `ninja`.

**3. When running the following code, which of the assertions will pass?**

```
function whoAmI1 {
    "use strict";

    return this;
}

function whoAmI2 {
    return this;
}

assert(whoAmI1() === window, "Window?");
assert(whoAmI2() === window, "Window?");
```

The second assertion will pass, because the context in nonstrict mode usually is
`window` by invoking has a function. In the strict mode the context usually
will be `undefined` as in the first case, that will fail it's assertion.

**4. When running the following code, which of the assertions will pass?**

```
var ninja1 = {
    whoAmI: function() {
        return this;
    }
};

var ninja2 = {
    whoAmI: ninja1.whoAmI
};


var identify = ninja2.whoAmI;

assert(ninja1.whoAmI() === ninja1, "ninja1?");
assert(ninja2.whoAmI() === ninja1, "ninja1 again?");

assert(identify() === ninja1, "ninja1 again?");

assert(ninja1.whoAmI.call(ninja2) === ninja2, "ninja2 here?")
```

The first assertion will pass, because we are invoking the function `whoAmI`
as a method, and it will take as context the owning object, `ninja1`.

The second assertion will fail, the `whoAmI` functions is making
reference to `ninja1.whoAmI` function, but the context is given by how
and where we are invoking it as a method, since the owning object is
`ninja2` the context will be this object.

The third assertion will fail, as in the previous case, we are making reference
to `ninja1.whoAmI`, but we are calling it as a function so the context
will be `window` in nonstrict mode and `undefined` in strict mode.

The last assertion will pass, because we are explicitly indicating the context
of the function by using the `Function.call` method, that allow us to do that
as `Function.always` do, and are supplying the `ninja2` object as context.

**5. When running the following code, which of the assertions will pass**

```
function Ninja() {
    this.whoAmI = () => this;
}

var ninja1 = new Ninja();
var ninja2 = {
    whoAmI: ninja1.whoAmI
};

assert(ninja1.whoAmI() === ninja1, "ninja1 here?");
assert(ninja2.whoAmI() === ninja2, "ninja2 here?");
```

The first assertion will pass. As a arrow function, `whoAmI`, inherits
it's context from the place in which it was created, in that case it's created
when the `ninja1` object is created by the constructor function `Ninja`, and it
always will point to this contexts.

The second assertion wil fail because of the previous explanation.

**6. Which of the following assertions will pass?**

```
function Ninja() {
    this.whoAmI = function() {
        return this;
    }.bind(this);
}

var ninja1 = new Ninja();
var ninja2 = {
    whoAmI: ninja1.whoAmI
};

assert(ninja1.whoAmI() === ninja1, "ninja1 here?");
assert(ninja2.whoAmI() === ninja2, "ninja2 here?");
```

The first assertion will pass. Because of we are using the `Function.bind`
method, the context of the function `ninja1.whoAmI` always will be bound to the
same object, in this case, the object generated in by the constructor function
`Ninja`, which is the value of `this` in the construction time.

The second assertion will fail. As we said, `ninja1.whoAmI` will has always
`ninja1` as contexts.
