# Chapter 5: Functions for the master: closures and scopes

**1. Closures allow functions to...**

Access to external variables that are in the scope when the function is defined.

**2. Closures come with...**

Memory costs. (closures keep alive the variables that are in scope when te function
is defined)

**3. In t he following code example, mark the identifiers accessed through closures:**

```
function Samurai(name) {
    var weapon = "katana";

    this.getWeapon = function() {
        return weapon;
    }

    this.getName = function() {
        return name;
    }

    this.message = name + " wielding a " + weapon;

    this.getMessage = function() {
        return this.message;
    }
}

var samurai = new Samurai("Hattori");

samurai.getWeapon();
samurai.getName();
samurai.getMessage();
```

The identifiers accessed by closure are: `name`, is a function parameter; `weapon`, is
 a local variable.

 `message` is a object property, so it's not accessed by closure.

**4. In the following code. how many execution contexts are created, and what's the
largest size of the execution context stack?**

```
function perform(ninja) {
    sneak(ninja);
    infiltrate(ninja);
}

function skneak(ninja) {
    return ninja + " skulking";
}

function infiltrate(ninja) {
    return ninja + " infiltrating";
}

perform("Kuma");
```

There are 4 execution context created: `global execution context`, `perform`,
`sneak` and `infiltrate`.

The maximum number of executed context on the execution context stack are 3:

*  `global execution context` > `perform` > `sneak`
*  `global execution context` > `perform` > `infiltrate`

**5. Which keyword in JavaScript allows is to define variables that
can't be reassigned to a completely new value?**

`const` 'variables' cant be reassigned to a completely new value.

**6. What's the difference between `var` an `let`?**

`var` is tied to the closest global o function scope since `let` will
be bounded to it's closes block-scope if exists, if not the closes global
or function scope, like `var`. So `let` allow us to create block-scoped
variables.

**7. Where and why will the following code throw an exception?**

```
getNinja();
getSamurai();

function getNinja() {
    return "Yoshi";
}

var getSamurai = () => "Hattori";
```

The call on `getSamurai` will throw an exception. We are calling an
arrow-function before we assign ot to `getSamurai` variable, the
function declaration `getNinja` will be created when it's function lexical
environment is created and and in execution time they are already exists.
It don't happen with function expressions and arrow-functions, that are created
when the execution reaches them.